#  S3 with  terraform

Terraform module to create S3 bucket on AWS
​
## Usage
The init argument will initialize the environment.
```bash
$ terraform init
```
​
The plan argument will syntax check the files and prepare the deployment.
```bash
$ terraform plan -out vpc.plan
```
​
Deploy the VPC:
​
```bash
$ terraform apply vpc.plan
```
​
This will deploy the AWS VPC. To view data about the VPC/Subnet/Security Group from your local Linux box execute:
​
```bash
$ terraform show
```
​
To destroy the VPC execute:
```bash
$ terraform destroy
```

##Notes

###bucket: 
Name of the bucket, if we ommit that terraform will assign random bucket name
###acl: 
Default to Private(other options public-read and public-read-write)
###versioning: 
Versioning automatically keeps up with different versions of the same object.

####Every S3 bucket must be unique and that why random id is useful to prevent our bucket to collide with others.


##WHY S3?
AWS Simple Storage Service(S3) provides secure, durable and highly scalable object storage. S3 is easy to use and we can store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere on the web.


##LifeCycle Management?

	To save cost
	
	In most of the cases, data which is generated by our application is relevant for us for the first 30 days and after that, we don't access that data as frequently.

	LifeCycle object supports the following but I am going to enable just the required parameters
		enabled — (Required) Specifies lifecycle rule status.
		transition - (Optional) Specifies a period in the object's transitions